# LICENSE AGREEMENT -- v1.0

## TERMS AND CONDITIONS

**A COPY OF THIS LICENSE MUST BE INCLUDED IN ALL VERSIONS OF THE SOFTWARE. THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL BE RESPECTED ACCORDING TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT IF YOU ARE TO MODIFY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE SAID SOFTWARE OR LICENSE ITSELF.**

You are hereby required to read, agree to, and follow the the terms and conditions if you are to use, distribute, or modify the software, product, or content(s) that this license is included in; or the license itself, or with other content in any way. If you do any of this you also state that you have read, and understood, and agreed to all terms and conditions and agree to follow them accordingly. What is considered to "be included" is everything (files and folders, and contents of such files and folders) in this package (the "Software"/"Work"/"Contents") the license came with, including all other future versions/releases of this package. The terms apply to any person or persons obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files and/or license(s).

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO SOMETHING LISTED YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO USE, DISTRIBUTE OR MODIFY THE SOFTWARE OR LICENSE IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM. IF YOU ARE USING THE SOFTWARE OR LISENCE AND AT ANY POINT IN TIME DON'T AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS, DISCONTINUE USE. ALL GRANTED PERMISSIONS IN THE CASE OF NONAGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL BE WITHDRAWN.

1. You are hereby granted ***permission to* modify the software and other contents to full extent** without any limitation by the author unless otherwise is said. **You are NOT however, allowed to charge a fee, subscription or otherwise in any way for the "consumer" to gain access to the software or license.** The software and license shall remain gratis, free of charge in all versions of the software, modified or not.
2. You are hereby granted ***permission to* freely distribute and make copies** of any part (including parts of, or entire contents of files, or) of the software itself **granted it remains free of charge. A valid license needs to be present in the distribution.**
    1. If it is a reupload, a link to the original source and a statement explicitly stating that is it a reupload shall be placed somewhere that can be easily visible by anyone visiting the reupload source with credit to the original author.
    2. If it is a reupload of someone else's work were modifications has been made to the original work, the 'original author' is considered to be the author of the modified work i.e. the terms of 2.1 will adapt to the creator of the modified work as the "original author" instead. This means that the creator of the modified work shall be referenced instead, not the author of the work that was modified. However, also referencing the original author is encouraged even if not strictly required as per the agreement.
3. You are hereby granted ***permission to* use the software however you like as long terms in this license agreement and, if exists, other rules/terms in the license are followed.**
4. You are herby granted ***permission to* modify the license (this license) and use the modified license without limitation ONLY IF it is NOT USED IN ANY VERSIONS of the software, product or otherwise package that this license came included with.** Any modifications made in such circumstances voids the modified license as invalid and new copy shall be retrieved from author's source at https://github.com/SemiCirkle/licenses. The terms of the original, unmodified license still applies even if it is not present or has been deleted or modified. If there are multiple versions of the same license the newest one shall always be used no matter what version the original license was.
5. If you modified the a copy of the license for any use (or no use), the license is to be considered yours, and you are now solely responsible for the contents of the license and what happens to it.
6. You are hereby ***forbidden to* make a copy of the software or license and falsely claim yourself or anyone else as author** of said software or license. You can only claim yourself the author if point 7 is met.
7. You are hereby ***forbidden to* use any other license then this one in ANY VERSIONS of the software** or versions of other software using the same license. Any other license(s) added to will be considered as null and void unless the criteria for point 8 is met.
8. If the software in question that this license represents has been heavily modified by you or a group such as 50% or more of the original contents of files, or the total contents of all files in the modified software combined (excluding "non-complementary" additions and changes such as code comments, name of variables/functions/classes, structure of code, or word additions that does not contribute to, or change functionality or information), outweigh the total "size" of the modified software, can the author(s) of the modified software completely replace this license without any consequences or violations of this agreement.
   
    If point 8 is met, the author(s) of said modified work is considered the true and complete owner of the software that was modified and the modified software can be treated as by the will of the new author(s). The new author(s) can in this case either continue to use this license copy or replace/remove it at any point in time.

**IF OBTAINING A NEW COPY IS FOR ANY REASON NOT POSSIBLE, THE TERMES OF THE ORIGINAL UNMODIFIED LICENSE STILL APPLY, HOWEVER, YOU ARE NO LONGER ALLOWED TO DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE. IF A NEW VAILD COPY OF THE LICENSE IS ACQUIRED AT ANY POINT AFTERWARDS, THE RIGHT OF DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE ACCORDING TO TERMS 2, 2.1 AND 2.2 IS REGRANTED.**

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
